Context
As we’ve discussed, the core of this course centers around a large AI-powered coding assignment building Twitter (X) or another project of your choosing. The effort has been split up into 3 different assignments that each focus on a different piece of the development. This one will be the culminating assignment, integrating the backend and frontend work you've done. As always, my goal for this assignment is for you to use generative AI as effectively as possible and really build the skill and muscle of doing so.

You will continue to push/update code to the GitHub classroom repository you've been working in for the project development. As a reminder, you can find it here: https://classroom.github.com/a/wOs3Tno3. 

Integration Requirements (190 points)
At this point, you should have successfully created a functioning backend and frontend, and have a database to fit to your needs. Now is the time where we bring all of those disparate pieces together to create a fully functioning, full-stack application. This has various implications, such as giving your backend access to your database and linking frontend actions to backend API calls. There are many small integrations that need to be accounted for, and this should offer an opportunity to observe how well AI models handle full environments and integrating code from different sources.

There aren’t many specific requirements in this section, as you are all likely at varying stages of integration depending on your backend and frontend development practices. The only concrete requirement is that your application can run end-to-end in your browser or other shareable interface.

Twitter Track: 
Expected functionalities can be found here: Twitter Integration.pdfDownload Twitter Integration.pdf

Independent Track
You should implement the functionalities agreed upon with the instructor. Established benchmarks and deliverables are always available in this tracker.

Tip: Once you start testing and attempting to run everything live, you will mostly find errors in your browser’s developer console as opposed to your IDE’s terminal / output window. While you can still easily copy and paste issues into any AI chat, messages are often very long and nuanced. If you're using Chrome, you can enable Console Insights and AI Assistance for interpreting issues in the console itself.

Recording (180 points)
Similar to your frontend assignment, I’d like you to screen record yourself via screenshare on Zoom going through a full user journey that goes through each of the steps listed in the requirements for your track/project. For each step above that you successfully show, you will receive 10 points. If you implement additional functionality, show it off!

Testing (5 points)
In your previous assignments, you should have implemented a considerable amount of unit tests to reach the assigned coverage levels. Given that, you don’t need to implement any new unit tests. I would like you to implement some integration tests though to ensure that everything is still working as expected as you’re cobbling together the different pieces of your application. I’m not going to assign specific point thresholds as the coverage level for these can change based on your code design, but if you’re able to achieve greater than 50% integration test coverage, you will get the full 10 points for this section. You are welcome to provide a defense to your coverage level if you feel there are circumstances in your code that prevent you from reaching 50%.

Prompt Logs (5 points)
For reflection purposes, I'm asking you to continue keeping logs of the prompts you use to create the code in your project. You can do this when you’re done or as you work, and you can find a template document here. It is graded purely on submission and will simply serve as a tool for our discussions. If you use a prompt generated by an AI tool or found online, make a note of this. If you have to rewrite a prompt or have a prompt that didn't produce usable code, these are just as valuable to log, if not more so.

Architecture
Given that you’ve already submitted extensive architectural documents with the other two assignments, you are not required to submit one for this assignment. However, if you lost points on previous assignments due to incomplete or unsatisfactory architectural documents, you may use this opportunity to submit a fully updated one that encapsulates updates you made to each section of the assignment that you feel address the previous shortcomings. There are no set grading criteria for this, and points will be awarded on a case-by-case basis based on your updates.

Reflection (10 Points)
As your final exercise for this class, I want you to reflect on your prompting habits around and beyond programming. The survey can be found here. There will be an additional survey at the end of the last lecture to get your final thoughts on things you liked, didn’t like, and recommendations for future iterations of this class. Since this is the first time we’re offering this course, your reflections and feedback are always invaluable.

Submission
To fully submit this assignment, you need to do the following

Make sure your up-to-date code is pushed to GitHub classroom
Submit a screenshot of your integration test code coverage on Canvas
Submit your screen recording video on Canvas
Submit your prompt log on Canvas
Submit the reflection form